Duration of module (#163)
everypinio/hardpy: docs/changelog.md

Versions follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/): `<major>.<minor>.<patch>`.

> * Fix module duration and add test run duration.
>   [[PR-163](https://github.com/everypinio/hardpy/pull/163)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the display of the module duration after the operator panel has been restarted.
  [[PR-163](https://github.com/everypinio/hardpy/pull/163)]
* Add the display of last test run duration.
  [[PR-163](https://github.com/everypinio/hardpy/pull/163)]
```
